If you're not using a high-yield savings account for your savings, then you're leaving money on the table. Let's talk about it. Go grab the Money Mastery Toolkit in my bio. It is a bundle of all of the things that are in my shop, and I will teach you how to do this step by step. High-yield savings accounts accrue more interest than just a regular savings account, and let me show you the difference. When we're talking about interest, we're talking about APY, so when you do your own research and you see APY, that's what that means. Annual percentage yield. This is how much money that your money is making per year. Chase Bank has a savings account that has 0.01% APY, which means that if you have your $1,000 starter emergency fund in this savings account, you are making $0.10 per year on that money. Now, if you have $10,000 in your emergency fund, you are making $1 per year. I'm going to use Wealthfront in this example because I like Wealthfront, so they currently have 4.8% APY, which means that on a $1,000 starter emergency fund, you're going to be making $48 per year. If you had $10,000, you'd be making $480 per year on that money, so you can see the huge difference between the APYs here. If you are not using a high-yield savings account, like I said, you're leaving money on the table. Here are examples of high-yield savings accounts you can look into. Ally is my favorite. Along with Wealthfront, they get 4.25%, SOFI 4.5%, Marcus 4.4%, Capital One 4.3%, and Citibank is 4.35%. The APY is not the only important factor when choosing a high-yield savings account. You need to do your own research and see what you're comfortable with. For example, Ally has no physical branches, they're online only, and that makes some people uncomfortable. I have a good relationship with Ally, so I trust them and I like them and I keep some of my money in there. You're going to just need to do your own research, see what you're comfortable with, see what you like, and see what you feel like you can live with. These APYs are, as of right now, me making this video, but these do change sometimes depending on the economy and the market. So do your own research, see what you're comfortable with, and make sure the bank that you choose is FDIC Ensured. This is very important to keep your money safe. I hope this helps. Happy saving!