This is how I became debt-free and saved my first $10,000. You can do it too, but I want to preface this by saying this is what worked for me. I didn't have TikTok at the time to teach me. I had to learn the hard way, and if I can even help one person learn how to better their life through their finances, it'll be a win to me. As always, do what works for you and your situation. This is just what I did. So first of all, I know you don't want to hear this, but you have to work on your mindset. You're not going to get anywhere with the victim mentality of I can never be debt-free, I can never make more money, etc. Work on a mindset of gratitude. Be grateful for what you already have and say thank you when you pay your bills, even though that's kind of hard to do. The second thing I did was to make a plan for how I was going to do this, and it took me a while to come up with this, but it ended up working for me. So I had my main account, and this is the account that I already had. I decided this was going to be my spending account for any fund money that I had for myself, and it's just a regular checking account. I decided to set up a bill account. It was going to also be a checking account. It can be with the same bank, and this is where I was going to transfer all the money to the bills. So one of my goals was to auto pay all my bills from this account eventually. Then I was going to set an emergency fund up for myself using a high-yield savings account. Doesn't matter what bank or credit union you use. And then I was going to set up sinking funds. I decided to do cash envelopes because so I could hold myself more accountable and see the cash in my hand and understand how it was moving. That's how I started off. Now I do it digital, but I started off with cash envelopes, and it really worked for me. Then I had to create a budget for myself, and something very important to note is that you need to be realistic with your budget. If you know you're probably going to eat fast food or go out to eat budget for that, or else you're going to blow your budget. It is very important to just build the things in that you know you're going to spend and hold yourself accountable for the amounts that you set. If you don't set money for things you want, you're way more likely to blow your budget, and then you're going to be frustrated with yourself. The next step is to put together a plan for my emergency fund. I wanted to save a thousand dollars, so I did a one thousand dollar challenge. I'll put a picture here of the exact challenge I created and used for myself. I hung it on the wall, and every time I contributed something to my emergency fund, I colored in a square, and it really kept me motivated and allowed me to celebrate my wins. Next step is I created a debt plan. How was I going to pay off my debt? I used the snowball method, where you pay things off from the smallest balance to the largest, and then you apply the minimum payments to the next debt once you pay one off. It makes it really easy to pay off your debt over time. Then I started doing side hustles to bring in more money to apply to my emergency fund first, and then my debt. Once that was paid off, I saved up my first 10k. I hope this helps. You can do this too. Stay grateful and stay focused.