Here are three things that are keeping you broke. I'm Ashley. I've helped thousands of women get their money together. Come with me. I got to show you something right quick. Try to hang with me through the whole video even if you feel triggered because these are the three things that when I changed them my entire life changed. Number one and arguably the most important one is your mindset. Some of y'all don't want to hear that one and this is the one that you need to really be working on. We need to work on being very accountable to ourselves, holding ourselves accountable for our choices, our actions, our goals, everything because if you do not you become a victim to your circumstance. When you start blaming your situation on the economy, on the government, on all of these outside forces that gives your power away to those outside forces. That means that you are no longer in control of your situation. You are not in control of your life or what happens to you and I do not want you to be in that place. I want you to start practicing a mindset of gratitude. Okay so instead of waking up in the morning and being pissed off and thinking about all the things that are going wrong and thinking about all the ways that you are not achieving your goals and you're broke etc. Stop that. Wake up every morning and start naming five things, at least five things that you are grateful for and even if you are currently in a bad situation you can find five things to be grateful for. Whether it's that you're able to eat for the day or you have clean water to drink or you have a place that is safe to lay your head or you have healthy children or you yourself are healthy, I promise you. Focus on gratitude and you will start to see a lot more things come into your life that you have to be grateful for. Above all else, the point here is you're in control and you need to get into that mindset. You are the master of your destiny and your life, nobody else. Okay so change your mindset. It doesn't happen overnight and yes doing the mindset work is hard, maybe one of the hardest parts but once you start to get this down I promise you, I promise you. Things are going to start changing. Take it from me. I used to be the most negative person alive. I promise you that. I have completely changed my life. Number two, bad priorities. If you're barely making ends meet, do you think it's a priority for you to save to go on a vacation? No. Is it a priority for you to go out to eat with your friends twice a week when you don't even have five dollars in your savings account? No and I'm not saying that you can't ever enjoy anything in your life but you have to get your priorities together if you want to see any progress. I want you to really think about it and understand what's important to you right now. No matter what place you're in right now in your situation, understand what is important and what is going to bring you to the next level. Okay and you need savings. A lot of y'all don't have it and that is what part of what is keeping you broke. You need emergency savings to fall back on if something bad happens and I know there's going to be at least one person in the comments who says I don't make enough money to save. Well babe that's part of your mindset that you need to work on because yes you can find a way to save. I promise. Even if it's only five dollars for the whole month you're telling me that there's no way that you can make five dollars in addition to your income that you can put in a savings account? This is so important to you and your life and your situation okay so I want you to get your priorities straight. Some of those people who were in the comments talking about they don't have the money to save they started following the advice that I'm giving and they are finally able to have an emergency fund for the first time in their entire life. I want you to get there too so start working on that mindset get your priorities in order. And finally number three not having a plan is keeping you broke. If you are not planning at all then you are planning to fail. If you do not have a plan then you are just wishing for something to get better. You are not actually planning on making that happen. So how do you make a plan? First of all you need to learn how to budget for your lifestyle. I do not care how much money you make. Make a budget that you can stick to and that is the important part is having something you can stick to. You also need to make a savings goal for yourself and like I said if you do not have any savings at all your first goal is to save up your first $1,000. Set up systems for yourself that will help you succeed okay so one of those an example of a system is cash stuffing. Cash stuffing can greatly help you succeed it can help you stop overspending and impulse spending. It can help you get your relationship with your money together. It can help you finally save money. So do things that are going to help yourself. So where can you get started? Let me tell you okay if you don't have any money and you need to start for free that is okay. My entire page is free. I give nothing but free information out on my page every single day okay go to my page look at the how to budget playlist it is free there's no excuse go to my bio there's a freebie in there called the savings goals worksheet and spending tracker download that and it's going to help you finally set a savings goal and it's going to help you stick to it and actually achieve it. If you're ready just take it a step further and invest in yourself and get my worksheets and things like that any of my guides will help you out. Money mastery toolkit is a culmination of all the guides that are in my shop or the budget mastery bootcamp is a course guided by me with homework and worksheets and all of that. So take your pick do what's going to work for you just do something babe okay I need you to do something. We're changing your life this year one year can make a huge difference and I'm telling you stick with it be consistent love yourself enough to do better you are going to see a huge difference I believe in you you got this friend