What do you mean when you say that you are living paycheck to paycheck? Because there are multiple categories of this. There are the people who are actually living in poverty, right? They are struggling financially because there is something outside of themselves preventing them from thriving economically. Then there are the people who say they are living paycheck to paycheck, but it's because they put themselves into that situation. On one hand, we have the people who inflate their lifestyle expenses. They inflate their fixed expenses, the things that they have to pay for every month. So even when they make a good salary, they're still living check to check because their fixed expenses are too high of a percentage of their income. If your fixed expenses, aka the things that you have to pay for every month, are over 50 to 60% of your net monthly income, they are too high and it's going to prevent you from being able to have the money available to save and invest or hit your other goals. And then we have the people who make a good salary, right? They have decent fixed expenses. They're around the 50 to 60% range or lower, but their discretionary spending is out of fucking control. And that's okay if that's you, it happens to the best of us. I have been there. The solution that works best for you is going to be fully dependent on your situation. What's the root cause for the reason why you are where you're at? Once you know the root cause, then you can start looking for the solutions to overcome that specifically. If you're living in poverty, it's not impossible to change, but it is damn hard. But if you're one of the other two situations that I talked about, that means that you are broke. That means that your decisions put you there. And that's actually a really beautiful place to be because that means if your decisions put you there, then your decisions can easily take you out. If you are just starting on this journey, I have a ton of free financial trainings available on my website under freebies to help you identify the problem child and start coming up with solutions to fix the situation. You've got this.