I want to start investing. And I saw this video that said, all I need to do is go and buy the S&P 500 and I'm good to go. I'll be rich. That's a great start, but it's not everything that you need. What do you mean? So the S&P 500 is a collection of some of America's biggest and best companies. So when you invest in it, you get to become a part owner in all of those companies with a single click. That sounds amazing. What's the problem? Well, a few things. When you invest, it's important to spread your money out across different industries, across different countries, and across different companies. This is called diversification and it helps you not lose money. But the S&P 500 is 500 companies. Yes, but it only invests in the US, which is a single country and there's kind of some weird stuff going on there right now. Ideally, you'd want to own stocks and be a part owner in great companies worldwide. Okay. Also, you don't own each of the 500 companies equally within that fund. Larger companies have a larger influence. This could mean sectors like finance or technology make up a really large portion of your portfolio. Basically just your collection of investments. This means that you could be overexposed to the ups and downs of those specific industries. Well, I don't want to be overexposed. Exactly. And since there's a bigger focus on bigger companies, you could be missing out on some of the unique growth opportunities of smaller companies. Oh, like some of the companies that start out small and then have explosive and exponential growth. Exactly. And it also doesn't have any bonds, which you'll want to have more of as you get older. Oh, I had no idea. This is why it's so important to learn how investing works, including market psychology before you get started so that you don't lose money. Making money is great, but not losing your money is even better. This was so informative. How do I learn more? Well, you can grab a spot in our free investing masterclass, find it on our website under freebies.