I'm sorry, I'm going to say this as plainly and as simply as I can, we are not doing enough because every day I'm getting comments from people saying, there's no way you can be a millionaire because you drive a Kia, or there's no point in saving money because eventually you'll run out of it, as like this justification to spend all of your money and never think about your future. If you always spend all your money, then you will never have any money. And while saving is the precursor to growing your wealth, it is only step one. You are never going to save your way rich, but you will invest your way there. And I am honestly concerned because I cannot tell you the number of people that I talk to who willingly leave their jobs. And look, I get it, okay, your mental health is very important, but they leave their jobs and they don't plan to go back to work. Instead of working, they want passive income, but they have no savings to put into buying assets that create passive income. And they don't want to go to work to make money to build savings. The math is not math-ing. Step one, make money. Step two, save money. Step three, use that money to buy income-producing assets. Step four, become financially free. But I feel like I can't even blame these kids because if you didn't have parents who knew how money worked and school didn't teach you shit, then you probably don't know. If I didn't work in my 20s and save in my 20s and invest in my 20s, I would not be making six figures a year in passive income right now. The path to getting rich, to having everything that you want in your life, to having passive income, to pay for your vacations and pay for your car, pay for your housing, pay for your food, pay for all the things that you want to do. Like right now, I am filming this video and I have an amazing woman who is cleaning my house downstairs. I don't have to pay for that. My investments pay for that because I worked, saved money, bought assets, and now live off of the passive income. Stop trying to skip the first three steps.