Honestly, you're probably not gonna like what I have to say today, but if you are feeling like your life sucks, then there's probably a reason why the algorithm is showing you this video. You are causing your own pain and suffering because as fucked up as this sounds, there's a part of you that believes that it serves you. Because if you didn't believe it served you, then you wouldn't do it anymore. I want you to think about your career, okay? You say you want more, yet you weren't taking any action to get it. Maybe it's your love life. You say that you want someone who treats you well, yet you keep settling for people who don't respect your boundaries, who take you for granted, or even though you're making good money, you can't seem to get ahead. Because what you're not realizing is that every time you tell yourself that you deserve to spend money that you don't have, you're telling yourself that momentary happiness, fleeting happiness, is worth more than your future goals and life stability. Every unnecessary purchase is a statement that you believe avoiding discomfort right now is more important than securing peace of mind later. But then you lie in bed awake at night stressing, feeling sad that you are falling behind, that everybody is moving on without you. I need you to hear me loud and clear when I say this. The most heartbreaking part of all of this is you are breaking your own heart. You are choosing the life you are living because on some level you believe it's serving you. And you're doing this because subconsciously there are these rules and beliefs that you have like change is hard so it must be avoided at all costs. Or that you're not worthy of a love that fills you. Or that no matter what you do, you'll always be someone who struggles with money. So why not splurge? So then you act like the person who doesn't change, who isn't worthy of love, who is never good with money and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. The suffering you're feeling is a direct reflection of the choices you're making. And you should let this empower you because the thing is it is empowering. You have the power to change your situation, but it starts with recognizing that your current reality is a reflection of your decisions. Change is hard, but living with a lifetime of pain and regret is even harder.