you are making half a million dollars a year and you feel like you don't have any money, that's a problem. Because as I said in this video, if you always spend all of your money, you will never have any money. You need to start giving your money the respect that it deserves. Why? Because right now you are working for a paycheck. That means you are trading your limited life, right? The life that you only get one of, we get 700,000 hours in a lifetime if we're lucky, and you're trading those hours for money. And it's just flying out of your life. You are not respecting that trade. And this is that hedonic treadmill, that hedonic adaptation, where you long for this new item. Maybe it's a luxury car, maybe it's a new watch. And then you get it, right? You get a momentary boost in your happiness. But before long, you are right back to that same plateau, that same level of happiness you were before. This thing, this item that you thought was going to change your life, only changed your life momentarily. And humans are wired for this. Each new level that you climb up, right? You make $50,000 a year, then you make 80,000, then you make 100, then you make 200, then you make a half a million dollars a year, and you keep increasing your lifestyle every time you start making more money. You quickly adapt to that new lifestyle, and it no longer feels like wealth or luxury. It feels like just everyday life. And then you start craving more and more and more. This is also what I mean when I say that you can be living paycheck to paycheck on any income. It is not about how much you make. There are pro athletes that go broke all of the time, lottery winners. You could have millions and millions of dollars and still not have enough money. More money will never solve your problems until you first understand the psychology and the mindset that got you to the situation you're in. You need to understand the opportunity costs, that trade-off costs, and respect that trade of your life for money. Value your life. You only get one. And with this income, you could own your life so quickly.