I wanna know what advice you would give to her. So it says confession time, I'm almost 49 and I have zero retirement savings. Maybe about $900 in my checking account. I have no idea what I'm gonna do and I know I can't be the only one. Now, if I was in this situation, the very first thing that I would start to do is increase my active income. Your active income is the top of the income funnel. You need active income so that you can create savings and then pull those savings down into investments. You are never going to save your way to wealth, you're never gonna save your way to financial freedom, you're never gonna save your way to retirement, but you can grow your way there by investing. The way investing works is you either give your money more time to grow so compound interest can take over and make you free money or if you have a shorter timeline, then you need to increase how much you're investing so that you can hit your goals. Once you've worked on increasing your active income, you need to look at your expenses. Your fixed expenses are the things that you have to pay for every month and they should be no more than 50 to 60% of your net income. If they're over this 50 to 60%, they are too high and you need to find ways to start reducing them or else you will not have the flexibility to save and invest for your future. If they're at about 50 to 60%, but you still don't have money to put away for savings, this means your discretionary spending is too high, AKA the things that you are choosing to spend money on every month. The next thing that I do is open a retirement account. This is an account that you can use to invest in that will give you tax advantages. Either your money is going to grow tax free or you will get a tax refund for the contributions you make today. At that age, because you don't have the luxury of time, what you wanna do is start being really aggressive with your contributions. If you're not able to be aggressive right now, if you can only do something, say like $50 a month, still do it. Remember, something is better than nothing. Even if you can't invest the amount of money that you need to be able to retire, at least having some money put away, growing for you in investments is going to give you options. It's gonna give you opportunities. It's gonna give you more freedom. And if you are in your 20s or 30s, my best advice to you right now is to start young. And that's because money you invest in your 20s is worth twice as much as your 30s due to compound interest. You can literally grow an account worth hundreds of thousands of dollars with only $50 a month if you start in your 20s. Reality is we're not gonna wake up one day and just have our financial shit sorted out. And I know it feels hard right now, but I promise you doing the hard thing today is going to prevent 40 years of struggle. If you ignore your finances in your 20s or 30s, this is what your 40s, 50s, 60s is going to look like. All the things that didn't seem like a big deal while you were younger will compound and start to work against you as you get older. I went from $40,000 in debt to a millionaire at 30, and now I teach you how money works. Check our link in bio for more.